It now for other writers to get to this network.
This network needs to be up and it needs to be advertised via the routing protocol which in this example
is BGP so we can see that the network is up up the local Rodek can paying for that for that 4.4.
So it looks like the network is up but is the network being advertised through BGP show IP BGP shows
us the local BGP running table and notice we don't see the full network in the BJP running table.
So it looks like there's a problem with BGP on the local Rodda.
So show run can you see the problem.
What's the problem with the configuration and to help you I'll use the command show IP rot pipe include
fall.
So there's the network in the IP writing table and there is the BGP configuration.
What's wrong.